24/10/2017 Version 0.8.0 is now frozen.

New in version 0.8.0

Added a stop signal to the asynchronous driver. max_seconds is now
working with images.

Recover of the phonon run stopped after max_seconds is now possible
even with images.

Added the possibility to use the images suggested by ph.x, instead
of doing only one irrep per task.

Added the possibility to make all q points and irrep of all geometries
together, dividing all tasks among images.

Some speedup of the calculation of harmonic and anharmonic quantities
in parallel machines.

31/08/2017 Version 0.8.0-beta is now frozen.

06/07/2017 Version 0.7.9 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

New in version 0.7.9

The the minimum free energy as a function of temperature is written on file and
plotted with the anharmonic quantities.

Increased the number of strains that can be computed with the advanced
algorithm for elastic constants.

Some change in the mixing routine for the optical properties
with Sternheimer equation.

Introduced an enhanced plot of the bands that shows the small group of
k in each point and line.
Several bug fixes in the plot of the bands and of the surface states.

Added examples of the inputs of the tools codes.

Improved recover and timings of the phonon without images.

18/03/2017 Version 0.7.0 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

New in version 0.7.0:

Image parallelization on the frequencies.

Improved the routine that detects the space group. Now it should work
for any origin.

Added a small tool to identify a Bravais lattice and to compare two
sets of primitive vectors.

Added routines to deal with Bravais lattices. The code can now
identify the Bravais lattice from its primitive vectors.

Added the projective representations of the point groups.

29/08/2016 Version 0.6.0 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

New in version 0.6.0

Added a set of scripts to test a pseudopotential library (see pseudo_test).

Added some new routines in the point_group module.

Introduced the option what='elastic_constant_t' to compute the elastic
constants at several geometries and to obtain their temperature dependence
through the quasistatic approximation.

The output files have been reorganized in subdirectories. 

23/04/2016 Version 0.5.0 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

New in version 0.5.0

Added a module to calculate the thermodynamic properties of a gas of
independent electrons (only for metals).

Added the options what='scf_dos' and what='mur_lc_dos' to compute and plot 
the electronic density of states.

Added a few routines that compute the inverse of the complex dielectric 
constant at a complex frequency and a finite wave vector q solving the 
self-consistent Sternheimer equation.

Added a few routines that complement the phonon code and compute the
complex dielectric constant at a complex frequency solving the  
(self-consistent) Sternheimer equation.

Added a routine epsilon_tpw.x to calculate the complex dielectric constant
with sums over the empty states.

23/01/2016 Version 0.4.0 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

New in version 0.4.0

Added the possibility to fit the energy with a fourth order polynomial.

Improved the recover abilities of the code.

Added support for the calculation of the X-ray diffraction spectra. 

Started to implement finite pressure calculations.

Thermal expansion from Gruneisen parameters for hexagonal, tetragonal, and
orthorombic solids (experimental).

In phonon calculations the bands are calculated only when needed, not
for each representation.

Introduced support for the Debye model. 

Increased the maximum allowed number of steps in ionic relaxations.

Introduced a minium strain in the calculation of elastic constants.

Introduced a tool that reads the elastic constants of a solid and
computes the Voigt-Reuss-Hill averages separately from the main code.


23/06/2015 Version 0.3.0 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

New in version 0.3.0:

 Found a bug that influenced the calculation of anharmonic properties.

 Introduced support for the thermal expansion of hexagonal, tetragonal
 and orthorhombic solids.

 Added the possibility to plot the phonon frequencies and the Gruneisen
 parameters at a geometry that corresponds to a given temperature.

 Introduced other two algorithms to compute the elastic constants.

13/03/2015    Version 0.2.0 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

New in version 0.2.0:
    Started a collection of interesting inputs for the thermo_pw package.

    Introduced the group-subgroup relation to join the bands at the
    edges of the path.
    Written a small manual to intepret the color codes of the bands and
    of the phonon dispersions.

    Introduced the possibility to plot the surface band structure.

    Introduced some tools to work with space groups and to generate
    supercells, slabs, and ribbons.

28/11/2014    Version 0.1.0 of thermo_pw is now frozen.

